Ah this
How is that possible?
This seems to be the original work of Mr. Yumo
No matter the style or technique
Hahaha
I said, how could this guy possibly be real or fake?
I'll have someone kick him out
Haha wait
I didn't say the painting was fake
Just this seal
It looks like it was just covered.
However, this seal is also genuine
The original work of Mr. Yun Mo
My father had a pair of
I am very familiar with this seal
Excuse me?
I was in a hurry when picking up the flowers just now, and the water spilled on it.
Then he is genuine.
Then what is mine?
Your brother-in-law may have been cheated
Miss Song doesn't know if you can part with this painting
I give 30 million
Miss Song, I want this painting
I give 40 million
I give 50 million
How about I dare not give this painting away?
Liu Shao, I said your words were rubbish
Believe it now
Ah, this damn liar
I didn't expect him to lie to my father even?
If there's nothing wrong tonight, I'll wait
What do you want?
Who said they were hungry just now?
Do you want a piece of food? Do you want me to bring you some water?
you
Don't go too far.
Gee, I don't care about it.
It mainly depends on what Miss Qingwan thinks.
I said I eat
But I didn't say
How much do you eat?
Hey
OK, are you satisfied?
What happened today
Wait for me.
Chu Feng, how did you know this painting was available tonight?
Who are you?